0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?

    It is a pneumoconiosis caused by inhalation of very fine silicate or quartz dust.
    It is also the longest word in dictionary/large with a length of 45. If any input word is longer than that, it will not be considered. 

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?

    getrusage - get resource usage --> returns resource usage measures for who;

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?

    16;

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their 
    contents?

    For optimal efficiency, since you don't need to create new variables. And copying the values of before and after would be 
    an expensive operation.  

4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, 
    convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
    
    Main opens the input text and saves it as fp. Then it uses this pointer to the file as the parameter of fgetc(), which returns
    the character read as an unsigned char cast to an int or EOF on end of file or error. 
    If the character is alphabetical and the string does not go beyond length 46, that word will be counted and main will check 
    its spelling. If there is a mispelling, word will be printed and the mispellings variable will have its value incremented
    by one.
    
5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string
    like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    
    It would also be harder to filter words that contain only alphabetical characters.
    
6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?

    The parameters for check and load are declared as constants because they should not be modified. 

    
